Add docs for RTD (#71)
nest-desktop/nest-desktop: docs/user/troubleshooting.rst

  You can choose which format will be saved to file.

Where can I find activity controller?
  The controller for the animated activity is placed in the activity controller.
  You find activity controller by clicking on the `chart` icon in the stacked menu left to controller.

How can I modify bin size of the PSTH?
  In the chart controller you find tick slider to modify bin size.

How can I change the label of axes or the title?
  Click on the label of the axes or the title to change it.

How can I hide/show dots/lines?
  Click on the legend to alter the visibility of the dots/lines.

How can I stop animation?
  Go to animation controller. You find a pause icon to stop animation.

How can I increase/decrease animation speed?
  In the animation controller you find forward or backward to alter animation speed.

How can I change colorscale of dots?
  In the animation controller you find a colormap of the current colorscale.
  Next below of it you find an options to select colorscale.

How can I change size of dots?
  In the animation controller you find slider of the dot size.

How can I add trailing for dots?
  It only works in the animation of the spikes.

> How can I rotate camera?
>   Hold the mouse button on the animation area and then move it to rotate the camera.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How can I rotate the camera?
  Click and hold the (left) mouse button on the animation area and then move it around to rotate the camera.
```

> How can I activate camera motion?
>   In the animation controller you can increase the speed of the camera motion.

Reviewer: The question and the answer seem to have a different content, imho.
```suggestion
How can I activate camera motion?
  In the animation controller you can increase the speed of the camera motion.
```

|

**Model**

What is terminology of this model?
  This model includes neuron, synapse and device (stimulus / recorder) models.

> How can I read the documentation of a model?
>   In the context menu of a node you find a documentation of this models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How can I read the documentation of a model?
  In the context menu of a node you will find a documentation of these models.
```

|

**Settings**

> Where can I find settings?
>   You find settings by clicking on the cog icon right to navigation side bar.
>   The settings are stored as 'local storage' of the browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where can I find the settings?
  You will find the settings by clicking on the cog icon on the left in the navigation side bar.
  The settings are stored in the 'local storage' of the browser.
```

> How can I change settings?
>   You can change settings in the settings section
>   by clicking on cog icon next to navigation side bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How can I change settings?
  You can change the settings in the settings section by clicking on the cog icon next to the navigation side bar.
```

> How can I reset settings?
>   In the loading page you can click on menu icon of the settings section to open menu.
>   One of the menu item is to reset settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How can I reset the settings?
  On the loading page you can click on the menu icon of the settings section to open the menu.
  One of the menu item is for resetting the settings.
```

> How can I reset databases?
>   In the loading page you can click on menu icon of the database section to open menu.
>   One of the menu item is to reset databases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How can I reset the databases?
  On the loading page you can click on the menu icon of the database section to open the menu.
  One of the menu item is to reset the databases.
```

> Where can I find the database?
>   The databases are stored as 'Indexed DB' of the browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where can I find the databases?
  The databases are stored as the 'Indexed DB' of the browser.
```

> How can I switch to development view?
>   In the settings of the application you find an option to switch to development view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How can I switch to the development view?
  In the settings of the application you will find an option to switch to the development view.
```
